Coming to a church service for the first time can be both exciting and also intimidating experience. We appreciate the desire to come join us and we hope the time you will spend to worship with us, will be both meaningful and a blessed one starting from here.Using the sections below you will be able to get to know most of what to expect. 

<b>Location</b>
We meet Sundays at 41354 Roberts Avenue in Fremont CA which is close to accessible from both 680 and 880 exits.
Roberts Avenue is next to right side of Safeway if you are coming on Washington Boulevard(Fremont Boulevard becomes Washington Boulevard if you coming from Central Fremont or the Hub area).Once you are Roberts Avenue, you will get to the property entrance in about quarter mile as shown in the picture.

Also you can come from 880 or from Stevenson Boulevard and turn on Blacow to go towards Grimmer. After you cross Grimmer and Fremont Boulevard cross lights, turn left on Roberts Avenue and after two blocks with one stop sign you will near the property entrance as shown in the picture.
Once you are in the parking lot, you should be able to find ample parking spots. 

<b>Entrance</b>
Now as you walk towards the building(s) in the campus on the right side building is the church worship center whose entrance is as shown in the picture.

Once you walk through the foyer, you will walk past the rest rooms to the right side in the lobby towards the left, you will find the entrance to the sanctuary of the sanctuary which has a big wide entrance and you may be seated in any place comfortable for you. There are no reserved spaces.


<b>Participate</b>
Our Worship Services are characterized a mix of both traditional and contemporary where everything that happens is centered around God and Christ, His word, His glory and for the blessing and edification of His people.
The service begins with a word of prayer which quickly leads us to a lively and traditional worship songs with Christ exalting and God glorifying themes. It is then followed by a devotion or worship exhortation where congregants are given the opportunity to worship with a song or few words that come from a broken and a contrite heart.
That is then followed by the communion time as we come around the Lord's table where everyone who has trusted and received Jesus as Lord and Savior are welcome to part-take.
This is followed by Worship with free-will offering unto our Lord, announcements with the introduction of the newcomers. We let the first time guests be introduced and welcomed. We then have the ministering of God's word which is concluded with a prayer and benediction.

Connect
Right after the worship service(s) there is a time of fellowship usually in the other building with food(either Lunch or Snack) where there is an opportunity to really connect and get to know each other better so that we may better serve one another in Christ.
Once you walk through the foyer, you will walk past the rest rooms to the right side in the lobby towards the left, you will find the entrance to the sanctuary of the sanctuary which has a big wide entrance and you may be seated in any place comfortable for you. There are no reserved spaces.

